# Week 1 Code along
You need to code along with video 9 thru video 14 in section 3 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp

## Section 3 Video 9
Watch this video

## Section 3 Video 10
Create a new file in the js-bootcamp/basic folder named strings.js.  Once you need to run the file, then open the index.html file and change the src attitube to be the strings.js file.  

You might have noticed that in vscode you got the name variable with strike thru.  Here is a link for more information about this topic - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65379554/why-does-my-variable-show-its-deprecated

Just comment out the first code you wrote and then code along with Andrew as he discussed how to handle errors.  I'll cover how to comment out lines of code in the video for this item. 

Semicolons are optional!  

## Coding Challenge
Make sure you understand the challenge and then stop the video and code your attempt at the challenge.  Once you have working work or you are ready to watch the solution, commit your code with this message 'Video 10 My Code'. Then watch the solution and update any code you feel needs it.  

# Heads UP!
Heads up, if you are running this in the browser you will most likely get an error.  You can fix this by name the location variable myLocation.  
https://www.udemy.com/course/modern-javascript/learn/lecture/8913676#questions/8497558

# Section 3 Video 11

Create a new file named numbers.js and code along with Andrew and update your index.html for the js file.  

Good idea to check the pdf for examples. Have you heard of Order of Operations?  

Don't detail, just comment out the code you have already written (timemark 6:06) and then continue to code along. 

## Coding Challenge
Make sure you understand the challenge and then stop the video and code your attempt at the challenge.  Once you have working work or you are ready to watch the solution, commit your code with this message 'Video 11 My Code'. Then watch the solution and update any code you feel needs it. 

# Section 3 Video 12

Create a new file named variables.js, once you need to run the file, then open the index.html file and change the src attitube to be the variables.js file.  

Make sure you write the variable rules using comments. Once you are done commit your code with message 'Video 12 Code'

# Section 3 Video 13

Create a new file named temp-converter.js and update your index.html for this new file.  Then watch the video to understand the challenge and attempt the code without watching the solution.  Once you have working code or you want to watch the solution commit your attempt with message 'Video 13 My Code'.  

Then watch the solution and update any code you feel needs it. 

# Section 4 Video 14

Create a new file named boolean.js and update your index.html for this new file. Make sure to include the notes about operators in your js file. 

Then watch the video to understand the challenge and attempt the code without watching the solution.  Once you have working code or you want to watch the solution commit your attempt with message 'Video 14 My Code'.

Then watch the solution and update any code you feel needs it.

## Suggestion
After completing this work, write some code on your own to see if you really understand the concepts and code over in theses video!  

# Great work!!! Keep coding!!





