# Week 2 Code along
You need to code along with video 15 thru video 19 in section 3 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp

# Section 3 Video 15
Code along in the boolean.js file that was started in Video 14. There are some really important concept in this video.  If signature, formatting, code block.  Comment out the previous challenge code and watch to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 15 My Code', then watch the solution and fix any code you feel needs to be update. 

# Section 3 Video 16
Code along in a new file named boolean-adavnced.js, update your index.html for this new js file, then code along with the content. Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 16 My Code', then watch the solution and fix any code you feel needs to be update. 

# Section 3 Video 17

Code along in a new file named logical-and-or.js, update your index.html for this new js file, then code along with the content. Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 17 My Code', then watch the solution and fix any code you feel needs to be update. 

# Section 3 Video 18

Code along in a new file named scope.js, update your index.html for this new js file, then code along with the content. In the scope.js use comment to take notes on the scope rules in JS, not commit is required for this one. 

# Section 3 Video 19

Code along in a new file name scope2.js, update your index.html for this new file, then along with the content and take notes the concepts covered using js comments.  So important to understand these rules!!  Once done, commit your code with message 'Video 19'. 


# DONE! 
 
Submit your commit history in canvas to show you completed this work!  Again play around with the concepts covered these video to get more hands on experience.  CONGRATS!