# Week 3 Code along
You need to code along with all the videos in section 4 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp


## Video 20
Watch this video

## Video 21
Create a new folder in your js-bootcamp and name it functions and then create the functions-101.js file and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new file.  I also updated my app.js and removed the "hello world" output to the browser.  I also started my live-server to make sure everything it connected and not errors on the console for the browser. Remember to use showOnPage instead of console.log. 

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 21 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

## Video 22
Create the new file named undefined-null.js and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new file.  Remember that we did see the variable 'name' is deprecated, but the code will still run.  Remember to use showOnPage instead of console.log.

Did you noticed that null does not show on the browser...any questions why?  Great time to learn the devTool for debugging, I'll cover this is Week 3 attendance.  Once you finish coding along with this video commit your code with message 'Video 22 Code'.

## Video 23
Create the new file named arguments.js and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new file.   Remember to use showOnPage instead of console.log. 

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 23 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

## Video 24
Create the new file named function-code.js and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new file.   Remember to use showOnPage instead of console.log. No commit needed here. 

## Video 25
Code along in the existing arguments.js file and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new file.   Remember to use showOnPage instead of console.log.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 25 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

## Video 26
Create a new file named grade-calc.js and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new file.   Remember to use showOnPage instead of console.log.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 26 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

## DONE!  
In your submission, tell me how well you feel you "got" the concepts and code covered in this seciton.