# Week 4 Code along
You need to code along with all the videos in section 5 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp

HEADS Up here, in this code along you will be working with object, so to make make the showOnPage work correctly you need use object.property. For example:

myObj = {
    myName: 'Rio',
    myHairColor: 'Red'
}

showOnPage(`$My name is {myObj.myName} and my hair color is ${myObj.myHairColor})

## Video 27
Watch this video

## Video 28
Create a new folder in your js-bootcamp and name it objects and then create the objects-101.js file and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new file.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 28 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

## Video 29
Create a new file in your js-bootcamp/objects folder and name it objects-functions and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new js file.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 29 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

With objects and showOnPage you will get [object, Object] because the browser can't render it, so you can reference the keys like this: (showOnPage(bookSummary.summary))

Before going on, make sure you review the code you just wrote, does it make sense?  Maybe ask a question on discord to help you see if you answer these concepts of objects and objects and functions. 

## Video 30
Create a new file in your js-bootcamp/objects folder and name it objects-reference and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new js file.

This is often called passed by reference.  No challenge in this one, but do commit is with message "Video 30 Code"

## Video 31
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 31 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

Remember it is good if your code does not looks like Andrew...mine didn't!  

## Video 32

Create a new file in your js-bootcamp/objects folder and name it objects-methods.js and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new js file.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 32 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

# HEADS UP!!!  TAKE a break!!!  
I know there a bit more content for tonight!  So one of benefits of reading this instruction file is I'm going to give you a reward.  If you are want stop here and finish this tomorrow night, for tonight just submit your commits history URL and then finish the other video(s) by tomorrow night and submit your commit history URL again! 

# Video 33
Create a new file in your js-bootcamp/objects folder and name it string-methods.js and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new js file.

Code along with the video, remember declaring a variable as "name" will give @deprecated, it will output to the console. Do make sure you take sometime to review the MDN site for these methods. 

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 33 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

Did you get that??

# Video 34
Create a new file in your js-bootcamp/objects folder and name it number-methods.js and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new js file.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 34 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

This is really good example of determining a random number! One additional challenage I would say is write a function passing in min and max and return a random number.  

# Video 35

Create a new file in your js-bootcamp/objects folder and name it const.js and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new js file.

Not really a challenge on this one, but see if you can determine which variables in the grade-calc.js file would be changed to const. 

# Video 36

Create a new file in your js-bootcamp/objects folder and name it var.js and update your index.html script tag attribute for this new js file.

Do you see why we are trying to move away from using var?

Again no challenge here, once you are done commit your code with message "Video 35 and 36 Code"


# Congrats!

You did it!!! How do you feel after finishing this one?  Let me know in the submission comment. 
