# Week 5 Code along
You need to code along starting with video 37 and ending with 42 in section 6 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp

## Video 37
Watch this video

## Video 38
Create a new folder in your js-bootcamp and name it arrays and then create the files notes.js and todo.js and update your index.html script tag attribute for this these new files, starting this week use the displayOnPage() instead of console.log, but you are welcome to do both if you like. 

Check out the MDN docs for arrays!  Really good to take sometime to review those methods.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 38 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

## Video 39

Watch and code along Andrew and comment out code when he moves onto a new topic, then watch to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 39 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

Knowing these basic array methods is really helpful!  Like did you noticed that using .shift will return the item it removes from the arrray, you can see this by doing this:
showOnPage(arrayName.shift())

Really helpful to play around with these array methods, they are something you will see in JS projects and you will also need to do them for your dev_0 

## Video 40

Watch and code along Andrew and comment out code when he moves onto a new topic, then watch to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 40 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

We will learn much more about callbacks in this course, so just get the concept here. Did you understand what item and index where in this example?  

## Video 41
Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 41 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

I recommend using the Chrome devTools to step thru the count up and count down loops!  

## Video 42
Watch and code along, once Andrew gets to showing the findIndex you will notice that the showOnPage for this output will show [object, object], guess why? Because the note is an object and the browser doesn't know how to display it as such.  You can use note.title and/or note.body to fix this output.

Once you finish the video commit with message "Code Video 42"

## Right on!!!

Really take some time to understand the array of objects!!! It is very important <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_design_pattern">design pattern</a> in JS development!  



