# Week 6 Code along
You need to code along starting with video 43 and ending with 46 in section 6 of the The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp


# Video 43

Start up live-server or whatever you are using the show the output. 

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 43 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

Take a minute to really look at this code, do you understand it?

You will notice that your showOnPage(notes) or todos will not give the output you want, so consider writing a function to loop over the array of objects and then call showOnPage with each object in the arrary. If you want to ask me on discord I'll be happy to share how I did this step. 

# Video 44

If you feel that notes or todo file is getting kinda busy feel copy all the commented code into another js file or remove it. Not required.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 44 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

I know that moving between notes.js and todo.js can be confusing, so close which ever one I'm not currently working on.  Helped me on this one! I wrote todo code in notes, twice!  So I get it!

# Video 45

Create a new file named expense-tracker.js and update your index.html to have this included. 

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the first code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 45 Part 1 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

Watch and code along to the point of understanding the second code challenge and then stop the video and write your code.  Once you have working code or want to move on commit your code with message 'Video 45 Part 2 My Code', then watch the include a comment to show the solution code from Andrew.

I know that using showOnPage with some of this can add some additional code, but I also think that is good place.  You are welcome to ask on Discord for how I handled this in my code. 

# CONGRATS!!!

You should feel proud of yourself for getting this done!!!  Coding takes practice and focus!!!

